docs: update docs to reflect production mode by default (#41173)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/workspace-config.md

### Alternate build configurations

> By default, a `production` and `development` configurations are defined, the `ng build` command is configurated to run with the `production` configuration. The `production` configuration sets defaults that optimize the app in a number of ways, such as bundling files, minimizing excess whitespace, removing comments and dead code, and rewriting code to use short, mangled names ("minification").

Author: Much better thanks.

### Alternate build configurations

> By default, both a `production` and `development` configurations are defined. The `ng build` command is configured to run with the `production` configuration. This configuration sets defaults that optimize the app in a number of ways, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular CLI comes with two build configurations: `production` and `development`. By default, the `ng build` command uses the `production` configuration, which applies a number of build optimizations, including:
```
More active voice

* Bundling files
* Minimizing excess whitespace
* Removing comments and dead code

> * Rewriting code to use short, mangled names (minification).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Rewriting code to use short, mangled names (minification)
```
No need for a period in this case, as the other items in the list aren't complete sentences either.
